whether you're into off-road driving or
just want to optimize your nighttime
road visibility knowing which bulb color
to select for improved safety and visual
style is extremely important hid kit
calm has created this video to eliminate
the confusion about hid colors the hid
color of the output is determined by the
temperature which is measured in Kelvin
units with the exception of 3000k the
lower temperatures tend to be the widest
and brightest as you increase the
temperature the color spectrum
progresses as seen here 3000k is
actually a 5000 k capsule specially
coated with a film that filters out all
of the wavelengths except for the range
that emits yellow this golden yellow
color offers superior hid xenon
penetration power during adverse weather
especially in dense fog making it the
perfect choice for secondary lighting
applications such as high beams and fog
lights the 3000k color temperature will
help you see better and will grab other
drivers attention 5000k produces a
fairly white light with a slightly
yellowish hue this appearance is
identical to vehicles equipped with OEM
hids with approximately 3,200 lumens of
output it emits three times more light
than the traditional halogen light and
happens to be the color temperature with
the most light output this is the ideal
hid colour for customers that do a lot
of back road driving in need optimal
visibility this colors for customers who
are concerned with maximizing the looks
of their headlights and who are
concentrated on pure performance 6000k
emits a pure white light with very
slight tints of blue and purple with
approximately 2800 lumens of output it
is three times the light output of
traditional bulbs with just slightly
less light output than 5000 k this is
the most common hid kit that drivers
upgrade to 8000 k produces less light
output than 6000 k and the light that it
emits is bluer with approximately 2500
lumens of output in
about three times the light output of
the traditional halogen bulb 10000k
produces a deep blue light approaching
violet but this blue is noticeably
deeper than 8000 k the 10,000 has an
output of about twenty two hundred
lumens which is more than two times the
light output of traditional halogen
lighting 12000k emits a bluish violet
light that is much deeper than the
10,000 k bulbs with an output of
approximately 2100 lumens it is more
than two times the brightness of a
traditional halogen light bulb this
provides the most exotic looks and is
suited for the customer who is looking
for the most extreme lighting the
decision to upgrade your vehicle's
lighting with an HID kit is not just a
question of style but also safety you'll
experience improved nighttime driving
with a drastic increase of peripheral
visibility of up to seventy percent more
than stock halogen bulbs upgrade your
lighting to provide up to three times
more illuminated coverage we hope you'll
visit hid kit calm where you'll find all
of the solutions to your hid needs